README.md, before:

![](assets/fish_logo.png)

Liquid Test Reports are logger extensions for the [Visual Studio Test Platform](https://gtihub.com/microsoft/vstest) that provide flexible test report generation using liquid templates. This project contains an extensible core for code based extension, a custom logger for providing your own templates without code, and a Markdown implementation.

## Changelog

#### 0.2.4 

**Added**

- [Markdown] Add optional user configurable report titles, usable by setting the title parameter `Title=My test report;`
- [Markdown] Include error stack trace

**Changed**

- [Markdown] Redesign markdown report for better formatting in GitHub
- [Markdown] Use tables for results
- [Markdown] Use detail elements for content result sets
- [Markdown] Add pass rate per container
- [Markdown] Add overall result and percentages to summary

**Fixed**
- [Markdown] Fix path splitting for container name on non windows machines

#### v0.1.4

**Added**

- [Markdown] Option to exclude run messages from test report enabled through parameter
  `IncludeMessages=false;`

**Changed**

- [All] Update targets to .NET standard 2.1 / .NET framework 4.5.1+


## LiquidTestReports.Markdown
[![NuGet Badge](https://buildstats.info/nuget/LiquidTestReports.Markdown?includePreReleases=true)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/LiquidTestReports.Markdown) 

The Markdown logger package is a ready to use  implementation of the test logger that generates Markdown format reports. 

[Sample Report](docs/samples/xUnit.md)

**How to use**:

1. Install the markdown logger to your test project by running the following command
	`dotnet add package LiquidTestReports.Core`
2. Run the tests using the supplied logger
	`dotnet test --logger "liquid.md"`
3. Report will be generated in the test results folder




## LiquidTestReports.Custom
[![NuGet Badge](https://buildstats.info/nuget/LiquidTestReports.Custom?includePreReleases=true)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/LiquidTestReports.Custom)

The custom logger package allows you to create your own reports simply by passing the file path of the template to the test logger. The current documentation is still in progress, a list of template properties are available [here](docs/Properties.md). 

[Sample Report](docs/samples/xUnit.txt) (using example template below)

**How to use:**

1. Install the core logger to your test project either using the nuget or by running the following command
	
	`dotnet add package LiquidTestReports.Custom`

2. Add a new text file to your test project, and set `Copy to Output Directory` as`Copy always`, below is a starting sample template

  ```TemplateExample.txt
  Test Statistics:
  
  None: {{ run.test_run_statistics.none_count }}
  Passed: {{ run.test_run_statistics.passed_count }}
  Failed: {{ run.test_run_statistics.failed_count }}
  Skipped: {{ run.test_run_statistics.skipped_count }}
  Not Found: {{ run.test_run_statistics.not_found_count }}
  Total: {{ run.test_run_statistics.executed_tests_count }}
  
  ```

3. Run the tests using the supplied logger

	`dotnet test --logger "liquid.custom;TemplateExample.txt"`

4. Report will be generated in the test results folder


More liquid template documentation is available on the [Shopify Github](https://shopify.github.io/liquid/basics/introduction/).

### LiquidTestReports.Core
[![NuGet Badge](https://buildstats.info/nuget/LiquidTestReports.Core?includePreReleases=true)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/LiquidTestReports.Core)

The core project is utilised by the above two loggers and can be used to implement your own, however, this is yet to be documented. The custom and markdown implementations provide an guide of how to implement this.

**How to install**:

1. Install the core logger to your test project either using the nuget or by running the following command

	`dotnet add package LiquidTestReports.Core`



## License

LiquidTestReports is under [BSD 2-Clause License.](https://github.com/kurtmkurtm/LiquidTestReports/blob/master/LICENSE)

This library utilises the following libraries under the Apache 2.0 license

- **DotLiquid** - https://github.com/dotliquid/dotliquid/blob/master/LICENSE.txt

This library utilises the following libraries under the MIT License

- **Microsoft - VSTest** - https://github.com/microsoft/vstest/blob/master/LICENSE

Commit message:

Docs: update readme and properties

README.md, after:

![](assets/fish_logo.png)

Liquid Test Reports are logger extensions for the [Visual Studio Test Platform](https://gtihub.com/microsoft/vstest) that provide flexible test report generation using liquid templates. This project contains an extensible core for code based extension, a custom logger for providing your own templates without code, and a Markdown implementation.

## Changelog

### Latest:

#### 1.0.1

- Remove pre-release tags 🎉
- Fix: Create drop for test result messages, and replace URIs with strings

[Previous changes](./docs/Changelog.md)


## LiquidTestReports.Markdown
[![NuGet Badge](https://buildstats.info/nuget/LiquidTestReports.Markdown?includePreReleases=true)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/LiquidTestReports.Markdown) 

The Markdown logger package is a ready to use  implementation of the test logger that generates Markdown format reports. 

[Sample Report](docs/samples/xUnit.md)

**How to use**:

1. Install the markdown logger to your test project by running the following command
	`dotnet add package LiquidTestReports.Core`
	
2. Run the tests using the supplied logger
	`dotnet test --logger "liquid.md"`
	
3. Report will be generated in the test results folder


See also: [Testing .NET Core Apps with GitHub Actions](https://dev.to/kurtmkurtm/testing-net-core-apps-with-github-actions-3i76)


## LiquidTestReports.Custom
[![NuGet Badge](https://buildstats.info/nuget/LiquidTestReports.Custom?includePreReleases=true)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/LiquidTestReports.Custom)

The custom logger package allows you to create your own reports simply by passing the file path of the template to the test logger. The list of template properties are available [here](docs/Properties.md). 

[Sample Report](docs/samples/xUnit.txt) (using example template below)

**How to use:**

1. Install the core logger to your test project either using the nuget or by running the following command
	
	`dotnet add package LiquidTestReports.Custom`

2. Add a new text file to your test project, and set `Copy to Output Directory` as`Copy always`, below is a starting sample template

  ```TemplateExample.txt
  Test Statistics:
  
  None: {{ run.test_run_statistics.none_count }}
  Passed: {{ run.test_run_statistics.passed_count }}
  Failed: {{ run.test_run_statistics.failed_count }}
  Skipped: {{ run.test_run_statistics.skipped_count }}
  Not Found: {{ run.test_run_statistics.not_found_count }}
  Total: {{ run.test_run_statistics.executed_tests_count }}
  
  ```

3. Run the tests using the supplied logger

	`dotnet test --logger "liquid.custom;TemplateExample.txt"`

4. Report will be generated in the test results folder



For a more detailed example, take a look at included [Markdown template](.\src\LiquidTestReports.Markdown\Resources\MdReport.md).

*More liquid template and syntax documentation is available on the [Shopify Github](https://shopify.github.io/liquid/basics/introduction/).*

### LiquidTestReports.Core
[![NuGet Badge](https://buildstats.info/nuget/LiquidTestReports.Core?includePreReleases=true)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/LiquidTestReports.Core)

The core project is utilised by the above two loggers and can be used to implement your own, however, this is yet to be documented. The custom and markdown implementations provide an guide of how to implement this.

**How to install**:

1. Install the core logger to your test project either using the nuget or by running the following command

	`dotnet add package LiquidTestReports.Core`



## License

**LiquidTestReports** is under [BSD 2-Clause License.](https://github.com/kurtmkurtm/LiquidTestReports/blob/master/LICENSE)

This library utilises the following libraries under the Apache 2.0 license

- **DotLiquid** - https://github.com/dotliquid/dotliquid/blob/master/LICENSE.txt

This library utilises the following libraries under the MIT License

- **Microsoft - VSTest** - https://github.com/microsoft/vstest/blob/master/LICENSE
